[Zen2] Update documentation for Zen2 (#34714)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_0/discovery.asciidoc

[float]
[[breaking_70_discovery_changes]]
=== Discovery changes

[float]
==== Cluster bootstrapping is required if discovery is configured

The first time a cluster is started, `cluster.initial_master_nodes` must be set
to perform cluster bootstrapping. It should contain the names of the
master-eligible nodes in the initial cluster and be defined on every
master-eligible node in the cluster. The

> <<modules-discovery-bootstrap-cluster,cluster bootstrapping reference

Author: Good plan, see f438a28bd0fa2a36df7b7ecc50fe99f7a8a93328.

[float]
[[breaking_70_discovery_changes]]
=== Discovery changes

[float]
==== Cluster bootstrapping is required if discovery is configured

The first time a cluster is started, `cluster.initial_master_nodes` must be set
to perform cluster bootstrapping. It should contain the names of the
master-eligible nodes in the initial cluster and be defined on every
master-eligible node in the cluster. See <<discovery-settings,the discovery
settings summary>> for an example, and the
<<modules-discovery-bootstrap-cluster,cluster bootstrapping reference
documentation>> describes this setting in more detail.

The `discovery.zen.minimum_master_nodes` setting is required during a rolling
upgrade from 6.x, but can be removed in all other circumstances.

[float]
==== Removing master-eligible nodes sometimes requires voting exclusions

If you wish to remove half or more of the master-eligible nodes from a cluster,
you must first exclude the affected nodes from the voting configuration using
the <<modules-discovery-adding-removing-nodes,voting config exclusions API>>.

> This is not required if removing fewer than half of the master-eligible nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you remove fewer than half of the master-eligible nodes at the same time, voting exclusions are not required.
```
